{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
Krakow Show Cancelled\
October 26, 2011\
Dear friends.\
We are deeply saddened to announce that our only Polish show of the Into Asylum tour, in Krakow, has been cancelled.\uc0\u8232 The majority of promoters we work with are humble, professional, respectful and understanding of our struggle to survive as an independent band in a dirty business.\u8232 Some just don\'92t give a fuck about the artists they work with. This unfortunately is the case for the agent/promoter in Krakow.\u8232 Every band that plays live makes a contract with the promoter. This is a normal legal bond to make sure the band get paid and receive the basic requirements needed for life on the road.\u8232 The show has been unwillingly cancelled due to the promoter in Krakow breaking that (already signed) contract with us and now pushing us into an inevitable court case.\u8232 We try our hardest to get to all our fans. We love you and we need your support so it is painful to announce this.\u8232 Go, get your money back and complain.\
With a heavy heart,\
Chris\
Tagged: Words From Chris & Statements\
Comments \
\
\
The IAMX Noise Cabinet\
August 14, 2011\
Dear Friends.\
I would like to personally introduce the IAMX Noise Cabinet. I have spent\uc0\u8232 the last two weeks remixing some of the most naturally remixable IAMX songs\u8232 and I feel now, due to the insomniac programming overworked psychosis I have\u8232 fallen into, that they deserve to be heard.\u8232 It is going to be rough but something, along with other grand world\u8232 conquering plans, I am planning to spend more time with in the future.\u8232 Come and be a witness if you are interested.\
I love you all.\
Chris\
Details about the show\
Tagged: Words From Chris\
Comments\
\
Volatile Times Release\
March 18, 2011\
Hello my friends\
Today we release Volatile Times.\uc0\u8232 I want you all to know that I am very excited and, as always, feeling somewhat sick in the knowledge that a piece of me is going out into the world to be analysed, criticised and loved.\u8232 But overall I am proud of the record despite my previous psychotic blog.\
And it is sad that music these days is instantly downloadable. This will make it very difficult for us to survive. We know that. You know that. Blah blah blah.\uc0\u8232 There are always parasites that think they deserve art for free and live off other peoples energy. And I refer to the person that uploaded the album before the release. I am used to this. Ignorance does not surprise me anymore.\u8232 But I trust YOU my friends. I consider you close to my heart. That you have supported this project so intensely gives me goose pimples every time I think about it and when we receive messages like this one below I remember that I do have faith in people.\
On 13 March 2011 09:14, Rowan R.\'a0 wrote:\
Hi\uc0\u8232 I have guiltily downloaded the album early and already.\u8232 I don\'92t want to pay postage or hurt the environment with my consumption\'85\
Can I make an honest payment by other means as I would have bought the album. If you give me bank details I will send 12 Euro today.\
Fantastic work, really fantastic.\
Kindest regards\'a0 Rowan\
A small note to our fans in UK, US and Canada.\uc0\u8232 We are trying very hard to get a solid release in your territories and also to set up some shows. It seems harder than ever to make it happen on our indie budget. The only real way to secure this in the future is for you to buy the record. We just cannot afford it and nobody with big pockets seems to be interested in challenging music anymore. That is the reality of the situation.\u8232 We will update you as soon as there is news.\
So, whiskey raised and downed,\'a0 lets all do what we can to keep the spirit alive.\
Much love and respect.\
chrisx\
To purchase the album: Boutique IAMX\
To download the album with artwork and lyrics: IAMX.eu\
Tagged: Words From Chris\
Comments\
\
\
}